tomato heart heart he went a little like
this so this right here this retard this
one that's texting or talking to her
boyfriend she was like dominoes so
Rachel who are you talking to my mom I
just better not get on you hey what tell
people about what your screenname is for
YouTube yeah it's ryan productions 3 how
you spell that Natasha put it on a
little caption on the body's gonna be
right here anyways so a lot of people do
I want people to subscribe because we
why why because we want more people to
subscribe but why are you gonna like
shut up are you gonna be making why are
you interviewing me it's not absolutely
no sense okay how old are you 20 oh my
god subscribe and by so that was racial
and you should subscribe to her in me
and Nikki because their videos are cool
and they have music videos and some
aside right now and there's clovers look
how big these things are ok let's see if
we can find a four-leaf clover alright
we're on a mission for four leaf is this
one are you serious oh my god are you
kidding me i just found a four-leaf
clover right here you guys witnessed it
dominos yes actually my grandparents Oh
do not a flying clover so proud of
myself aren't you proud good job thank
you who is your inspiration hmm I was
yours yes yes you are what is that smell
coming from where does but thank you
don't get you clothes stained dress
what's your name my name is captain
Webber it just gets booyah how old are
you three thousand years old I thought
it was 82 no I'm pretty sure is 23 oh
it's 23 okay well whatever I'm later age
you know but I know I don't know my age
and you need to just just give her an S
applaud okay Thank You Rachel well i
canno pretty she looks with the thing
over her face just when you take it away
it's like you oh well you're so pretty
Rachel's vicious kick out my anger on
grass yeah she does look cool is this
could this be my life dream of dominoes
oh my god no still here yet 30 minutes
ago actually wait i'll check when i shat
morrow moment i found a four-leaf clover
there's bite marks in it but i'm still
hottie all right and it's a monday we
don't have school today cuz it's
memorial day does every place not have
school I actually I feel like most
places boy because that's what I feel my
heart you feel in your pardon my saying
that oh no they didn't I totally just
ditched me look the pizza guy came where
they go this isn't cool this is not cool
they're definitely hiding Dana card
pretty sure they went inside
you know what were they in the front
yard did you see Rachel or will ya
hiding yeah fun oh we're on a search for
my friends because I ditched me and
here's my brother and he's gonna help
he's gonna help us find them off right
here well they're not hiding they're
trapped outside and we was looking for
male I was a backyard day when the
hunter you guys hiding we were hiding
from you and then we were just trying to
look for you I know we would just like
walk around just like that her what she
did who's dominoes guy come yet no all
right we got here pizza yummy where's
that money